Updates to oDoH crypto to remove message length and query ID (#58)
tfpauly/draft-pauly-adaptive-dns-privacy: draft-pauly-oblivious-doh.md

Oblivious DoH Query messages must carry the following information:

1. A symmetric key under which the DNS response will be encrypted. The AEAD algorithm

> used for the client's symmetric key is the same as the one used for the server's public key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
used for the client's response key is the one associated with the server's public key.
```

} ObliviousDNSQueryBody;
~~~

Let M be a DNS message a client wishes to protect with Oblivious DoH. When sending an Oblivious DoH Query
for resolving M to an Oblivious Target with ObliviousDNSKey key pk, a client does the following:

1. Generate a random symmetric response_key whose length matches that of the AEAD ciphersuite in pk.aead_id.
All randomness must be generated according to {{!RFC4086}}.
2. Create an ObliviousDNSQueryBody structure, carrying response_key and the message M, to produce Q_plain.
3. Unmarshal pk.public_key to produce a public key pkR of type pk.kem_id.
4. Compute the encrypted message as Q_encrypted = encrypt_query_body(pkR, key_id, Q_plain).
key_id is defined as Identifier(pk).
5. Output a ObliviousDNSMessage message Q where Q.message_type = 0x01,
Q.key_id carries Identifier(pk), and Q.encrypted_message = Q_encrypted.

The client then sends Q to the Oblivious Proxy according to {{oblivious-request}}.

~~~
def encrypt_query_body(pkR, key_id, Q_plain):
  enc, context = SetupBaseI(pkR, "odns-query")
  aad = 0x01 || key_id
  ct = context.Seal(aad, Q_plain)
  Q_encrypted = enc || ct
  return Q_encrypted
~~~

## Oblivious Responses

> An Oblivious DoH Response message carries the DNS response.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An Oblivious DoH Response message carries the DNS response encrypted with the client's chosen response key.
```

Targets that receive a Query message Q decrypt and process it as follows:

1. Look up the ObliviousDNSKey according to Q.key_id. If no such key exists,
the Target MAY discard the query. Otherwise, let skR be the private key
corresponding to this public key, or one chosen for trial decryption, and pk
be the corresponding ObliviousDNSKey.
2. Compute Q_plain, error = decrypt_query_body(skR, Q.key_id, Q.encrypted_message).
3. If no error was returned, resolve Q_plain.dns_message as needed, yielding answer R_plain.
4. Compute R_encrypted = encrypt_response_body(R_plain, Q_plain). (See definition

> for encrypt_response_body below.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
for encrypt_response_body below. The key_id field used for encryption is empty, yielding 0x0000 as part of the AAD.)
```
